Which school is better for my daughter: Harker or Homestead High School?,Jim Danz,https://www.quora.com/profile/Jim-Danz, 2013-11-8 00:00:00,11900,39,I had a fabulous experience at Homestead, and I continue to be humbled as I watch my friends and classmates go on to develop the beginnings of rewarding, illustrious careers.

I'm a proud member of Homestead class of 2008.  People in or around my class have gone on to Harvard, Stanford, MIT, Yale, Princeton, you name it.  A good buddy of mine from the class of 2007 is now in his second year of Harvard Medical School.  My first job out of school was at a venture-funded startup, founded by a member of the Homestead class of 2003.  When I interned at Facebook, I met another member of Homestead c/o 2003.  And, lest we forget, the inimitable Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak also count Homestead as their alma mater.  So, in my opinion, it would be impossible to construct an argument that going to Homestead might put an upper bound on your child's potential to succeed.

As for the experience of attending Homestead, I may have a limited basis for comparison, but I truly do believe that Homestead has some phenomenal teachers.  I also feel that there are extracurriculars for everyone, be it football, band, FBLA (Future Business Leaders of America), Interact, Science Bowl, etc.

I understand that you are not happy with the experience that your oldest daughter had at the school.  I don't know your situation, so I wouldn't be able to speak to that in particular.  Not everyone, I suppose, will be so lucky as I was, to leave Homestead loving it unconditionally, and forever grateful for the life that it afforded me.  Nor could I possibly speak against Harker -- it is a fine institution by any metric.  So in truth, all I want to insist upon is: having an excellent experience at Homestead is absolutely -- even eminently -- possible.

Regardless of the outcome, I wish you the best, for both your daughters!
What is the rudest thing you have ever done?,Tasha Cooper Poslaniec,https://www.quora.com/profile/Tasha-Cooper-Poslaniec,2017-09-10 00:00:00,65000,952,I only need to go back to last Friday for a strong contender for my "biggest bitch ever" moment.
In my own defense, I ended up having an emergency appendectomy, was in a lot of pain, and very sincerely believed I was about to die.
I was in the emergency department, writhing on the ground and crying out in pain. The triage nurse (who I still hate) had just taken my blood pressure, deemed me stable, and told me to "wait over there" finger point to the waiting room.
I was a sweaty, vomity, scared animal in pain (who also a spends a portion of each work day examining the deaths of people who die in the hospital I work for, so I was quite aware of how quickly shit can go sideways).
I crawled up to the chair I was lying next to and demanded that he write his name down so that when I died in the next 40 minutes due to the dissecting abdominal anuerysm that was currently occurring, my husband could have his name to know where to start with the investigation into my death.
That must have clinked something into place because he then asked me, in a very snarky "Well, Miss Smarty Pants" tone "what would you do?" And then I unloaded on him.
First, I would get some mother fucking labs. Start with a CBC, Chem panel, amylase, lipase, and you may as well do a type and cross for two units so when they finally do open me up they'll have something to replace the volume that will come pouring out. A DIC panel wouldn't hurt either.
And place a fucking order for a spiral CT of the abdomen and let surgery know you need them to do a work up.
But my top priority would be to start a line, get some volume expander in and give me 8 of Zofran and 100 of Demerol.
That was basically the gist of it, just sprinkle in a few more "mother fuckers".
After my rant a physician came by, did his best soothing, de-escalating routine,put me in a room and told the nurse to place the orders. I could see Mr.GrumpyAssholeTriage's jaw drop when he said "Put in the ones she requested, except add an abdominal ultrasound, and change the Demerol to morphine."
I don't believe in dignity or stoicism when I'm in the worst pain of my life and vomiting. So as he turned back to look before he left the room, I flipped him off.
Not proud of that at all. But I really take issue with confrontational assholes being the front line of a department where everyone is having the worst day of their lives. And at that particular moment, it was my turn.
What are differences in the musical styles of Lady Gaga, Katy Perry, and Ke$ha?,Colin Barrett,https://www.quora.com/profile/Colin-Barrett, 2011-08-14 00:00:00,496,5,Interestingly, both Katy Perry and Ke$ha have had big hits written & produced for them by producer Lukasz Gottwald aka Dr. Luke:

"Tik Tok", "Your Love Is My Drug", "Take It Off", "California Gurls", "Last Friday Night (T.G.I.F.)", "Teenage Dream", "I Kissed a Girl" are all Gottwald co-written and/or co-produced. Gottwald also co-wrote "Party in the USA" for Miley Cyrus.

But you're right that Gaga, Perry and Ke$ha all do sound very similar. I would say that Gaga tends to be a bit more on the side of "electronic music that happens to be pop" while Perry and Ke$ha are more on the "pop music that happens to be arranged for electronic instruments" end of the spectrum, but that's splitting hairs, to be sure.
Why are IQ scores still a thing on Quora?,Jeffrey A. Larson,https://www.quora.com/profile/Jeffrey-A-Larson,2017-12-7 00:00:00,426,8,There's no one answer to this question.
I think part of this is that some people have the notion that IQ is a proxy for fitness, as in Darwinian fitness. There is some validity to this. Contrary to many posts here, it is an undisputed scientific fact that IQ is repeatable, valid, partially heritable, and the single best predictor of educational success and income.
Of course, it isn't pefectly any of those things. Repeatable and valid doesn't mean that you get the exact same result no matter how many times you take the test; just that your scores will likely wander over a fairly small range. Partially heritable is just that. Although some component, likely over 60% of IQ is genetic, at least 20% of it and possibly more is due to environmental factors. And althought it is the SINGLE best predictor of success, it is foolish to base a prediction on only one variable when many variables are usually available. We all know brilliant people who are underacheivers, and less gifted people who perservere through some combination of hard work, ethical behavior, and a little bit of luck.
But there are people here on Quora whose ego is somewhat invested in their IQ, as well as people who cling to the notion that we all have equal ability when it is laughably easy to demonstrate that we don't. (Are we all equally fast in a running race? Equally able to lift heavy weights? Why should we all be equally able to solve mental problems?)
We are now beginning to sequence and locate the genes that are the basis for intelligence. It may be that we are entering a golden age of being able to use IQ, to the point where we can determine in broad terms what a person is intellectually capable of by analyzing a drop of their blood. That's uncomfortably close to the world of the motion picture Gattaca, and it is perfectly understandable that people are threatened by this. As Quorans, we are probably better off trying to determine how this technology is best used to create a world that is functional, humane, rational, and compassionate, as opposed to obsessing about some 15-year old's mythical IQ score of 210.
Is Timely effective for scheduling tweets? Or just use hootsuite?,Leo Widrich,https://www.quora.com/profile/Leo-Widrich, 2011-02-1 00:00:00,828,8,Something quite similar to timely is the tool Buffer (http://bufferapp.com). You simply add tweets via a Chrome Extension or bookmarklet and Buffer tweets them for you evenly spread out during the day. The same 'fire and forget' applies. You are left with a bit more control though on your dashboard. And yes, you could say I am biased a bit here, yet this is what Buffer does. Checking it out yourself might be better.

Also, I really don't want to end this comment without saying that timely is a great product. :) Whichever your choice, hootsuite might not be a good fit for scheduled tweets
Is Timely effective for scheduling tweets? Or just use hootsuite?,Matt McGee,https://www.quora.com/profile/Matt-McGee-1, 2011-03-16 00:00:00,146,2,Timely is very effective when you want to schedule tweets across a single day. It would be infinitely more effective if you could
schedule tweets several days in advance
schedule the same tweet to repeat on several days each week

There should be a place to check what day(s) you want to send the tweet, like this:

[Yes] Sunday
[Yes] Monday
[__] Tuesday
[__] Wednesday
[Yes] Thursday
[Yes] Friday
[__] Saturday
Is Timely effective for scheduling tweets? Or just use hootsuite?,Kris Krug,https://www.quora.com/profile/Kris-Krug, 2011-01-29 00:00:00,359,9,I use Timely. I've got 50+ Tweets qeued up in there right now.

It's simple. It's pretty. It has nice stats. It's 'fire and forgot' scheduling of messages based on metrics I care note to keep track of.

I also use HootSuite as my 'social media dashboard' but for scheduling and sending Tweets Timely kicks ass. :)
Is Timely effective for scheduling tweets? Or just use hootsuite?,Rick Bakas,https://www.quora.com/profile/Rick-Bakas, 2011-01-29 00:00:00,182,3,After about 2 months of using Timely, I find myself using it more and using Hootsuite less.

Timely is not only easy to use with their drag n' drop Toolbar widget, but you can have multiple accounts and they provide you with metrics from each post.  I like it more and more each day.
Is Timely effective for scheduling tweets? Or just use hootsuite?,Tilak Shrivastava,https://www.quora.com/profile/Tilak-Shrivastava, 2015-07-28 00:00:00,120,1,Timely as well as Hootsuite are good for scheduling tweets. Which tool you select, depends on what you're looking for.

Timely is twitter restricted, Hootsuite offers other networks. Timely's free features come as a part of Hootsuite's premium package. If you want to try something different, check out Zoho Social.

Zoho Social helps you schedule and publish your posts. It has a cool feature called SmartQ which schedules your post to go out at a time when most of your audience is likely to see it.

This is very important because as a publisher you can focus on the quality of your content rather than worrying about which times of the day your post should go live.

If you are looking to engage with a more diverse audience, you don't want to rely on a single social media channel. That's why you should think beyond Twitter.

Zoho Social lets you focus on the major four- Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and Google+.

Of course, the most important thing is the quality of your content and conversations with your audience. No scheduling software can help you with this.

Use Monitor tab to listen to your audience and track keywords that matter to your business. Be there to talk to your audience and engage them in some quality conversation.
 
Zoho Social comes with free mobile apps for iOS and Android devices. You can manage social media marketing on the go. Sign up now.
Is Timely effective for scheduling tweets? Or just use hootsuite?,Kristi Hines,https://www.quora.com/profile/Kristi-Hines, 2011-02-21 00:00:00,168,0,HootSuite now has the batch scheduling option that allows you to create a CSV file with your updates in five minute increments.  Available to people with the Pro plan.

http://help.hootsuite.com/entrie...
Is Timely effective for scheduling tweets? Or just use hootsuite?,Jason Kneen,https://www.quora.com/profile/Jason-Kneen, 2012-05-14 00:00:00,91,1,I wrote http://tweet4.me for myself, to help avoid burst tweeting. Check it out - its free and allows scheduled and delayed tweets from any twitter app.
What is the best way to auto post on Facebook group?,Ivica Delic,https://www.quora.com/profile/Ivica-Delic, 2016-06-5 00:00:00,1900,1,The best way to auto post on Facebook group depends on what your needs are. It can be done via web application or plugin, if you use WordPress as a web site.
Here are some quality suggestions collected (and some of those tried) over time:
a) web applications:
- coSchedule: (my recommendation 1)
Marketing and Content Calendar for Blogging, Marketing + Social Media - @CoSchedule
- Buffer: (my recommendation 2)
Buffer - A Smarter Way to Share on Social Media
- Kuku.io: Social media management tools - KUKU.io
- Hootsuite: Home
- Edgar: Meet Edgar: The Social Media Queue That Fills Itself
- Postcron: App to schedule posts on Facebook, Twitter, Google+ and Pinterest Easy and Powerful
b) WordPress plugins:
- HYPESocial Buffer Pro: (my recommendation)
HYPESocial - Buffer PRO - HYPEStudio
- SNAP NextScripts: Social Networks Auto Poster {SNAP} - Free plugin for Wordpress
What is the best way to auto post on Facebook group?,Lew Rowland,https://www.quora.com/profile/Lew-Rowland,2017-12-6 00:00:00,1400,6,Hi, there!
FollowingLike is the best Facebook automation tool and Facebook management software to auto post on Facebook group!
FollowingLike is a powerful program to run thousands of social network accounts(Facebook, Instagram, Google+, Linkedin and Pinterest) at the same time 24/7 to auto-follow, unfollow, follow back, like, unlike, post, pin, comment, share, add friends and send messages etc.
Facebook Features includes: auto follow, unfollow, add friends, unfriend, accept friend requests, like pages/posts, like/reply comments, share, comment, send message; auto post, post on wall/timeline/groups, create groups, join/leave groups, invite user on groups.
Get Special 20% Off! Visit here:http://followinglike.com
Copy this coupon code: whitehatbox20off
How can I tell my 15-year-old daughter she is awful at writing?,Justine Musk,https://www.quora.com/profile/Justine-Musk,2017-10-29 00:00:00,52800,447,You want what's best for your daughter.
The writing students who go on to publication and success often aren't the ones you expect. Talent by itself doesn't mean much (although it helps).
Teachability is what's important -- it doesn't matter how bad you are in the beginning if you keep on learning and improving, if you develop a strong feel for your audience. You don't have to be gifted to achieve a clean, workable prose style. What's more important is an ability to understand the elements of story and how to construct a good one. (There are many amazing prose stylists who are lousy, boring, incompetent storytellers. Writing and storytelling inform each other, but are not the same thing.)
Do you think the authors of the Twilight and 50 Shades of Grey series were once lauded as teenage prodigies? Maybe the fact that she is "awful at writing" just means that she'll never attempt to write the Great American Novel. She will aim, instead, to produce the fun and entertaining and fast paced, crackling novels that never get shortlisted for the big awards, or any awards. They just make a lot of people happy and sell a lot of copies.
Curiosity about the world, insight into self and others. A strong work ethic, obsessive reading habits, the ability to seek out the right kind of feedback (painful feedback) and learn from it and use your mistakes to grow as a writer (and a person). The ability to connect to your time and place and culture, the spirit of your historical moment. It's not just learning how to write, but learning what to write about: what you have to say that sets you apart and resonates with others and makes them want to spend the time to read you, let alone pay money for your work. Most people don't pick up a book for a stirring quality of prose. (Most people don't read novels, and most of the people who do buy and read novels don't read literary novels.) They're looking for a certain vicarious thrill, a level of escape that the Internet doesn't provide. If your daughter can learn how to craft that kind of experience for them - and it's way too early to proclaim that she can't -- and write sentences that don't get in the way of the story, she could write bestsellers.
You don't know. No one knows. It's not your job to know.
In any case, it's tough for many accomplished adults to accept criticism of any kind , no matter how constructive and well intended.
Criticize your 15 year old daughter and she might shut down.
She will hear, and remember, the first three words: YOU ARE AWFUL. It will act like acid on your relationship.
It might be better for you to ask yourself why you feel this need to tell her such a crushing thing in the first place. Did someone once say something like that to you? Are you jealous of all the potential and possibility that is still in front of her? Is there something in your own past that you haven't resolved and might be trying to work out through your daughter?
Whatever she goes after, she will need grit and resilience and tenacity. She will need to learn how to strategize her way through difficult situations and defer short-term gratification for bigger prizes down the road. She will need creative thinking skills and problem solving abilities and a sense of what she has to offer the world, the value she can create, who will want what she makes and how to find them and market herself to them. Who knows: writing might be the thing that helps her develop all of these skills. It might serve as the catalyst for a truly awesome journey of personal and professional development.
So listen to her. Listen to her. Listen to her some more.
Reflect her back to herself as a deeply worthwhile and valued and beloved person. Give her your warmth and approval. Truly mean it.
That's when people flourish.
Real change happens when something in the system transforms itself. The impact of this ripples outward until the rest of the system transforms in response.
If you want to transform anything about your daughter -- and as a parent, I have my own reasons for thinking and writing on this -- you need to take a hard but forgiving and accepting look into yourself. You need to find those points of blindness and hypocrisy that we all have.
(Let me repeat: we all have them. I've been dealing with mine.)
Those prickling spots along your inner landscape where you know you fucked up and wished you could take it back or get a do-over -- where you were holding on instead of letting go, or throwing away what you know now you should have kept -- flashing anger at others so as not to show tears -- hiding from the values you haven't been living, slipping on the edge of your own misalignment. You are deeper and better and bolder than what you have allowed yourself to become. You were afraid that being wrong would destroy you, but what you feel now is the relief of windows opening. All that fresh air.
We can't be kind and accepting of others if we can't be forgiving of ourselves. Some people will condemn you for your Quora question, but even if you are a person who gets harsh with your teenage child, I suspect you're even harsher on yourself.
When we're afraid of something, we try that much harder to control it. What is it that you're afraid of, for yourself or for your daughter?
We can't change other people.
We can only inspire them.
We can change the atmosphere between us and them. They will notice. If we are brave enough to speak and relate from a searching, mindful, authentic place instead of the usual automatic pilot, they will sense and feel the change in us. Dislodged from their own usual scripted ways of responding, they surface something new within themselves.
Your daughter will become a better, more self-aware writer for all of that. Or she'll realize that she was using writing as a way to rebel and to spite you and she no longer has to do that. Either way, her writing is her own, her dreams are her own, and her life belongs to her. She also senses, on some deep intuitive level, her still-unfolding future self in a way that you can't and never will.
Become -- truly become -- the person that you want her to be, and the rest will take care of itself.
How can I tell my 15-year-old daughter she is awful at writing?,Ellen Vrana,https://www.quora.com/profile/Ellen-Vrana, 2015-11-24 00:00:00,11700,250,I once wrote a story about a woman, an immigrant, who had just immigrated from a Communist Eastern European country to Paris and was poor, alone and wondering if it was worth it. It was a story about grief.
In the story, I used the word stagnant to describe something, the air, probably. I showed my mom the story and asked for feedback.
She noted the word stagnant, and said 'Ellen, stagnant isn't a word.'  I said, 'Yes, it is.' I looked it up in the dictionary and proved it. Then she looked at me, shrugged and that was it. Nothing else. No good job, nothing.
I was eleven. Two things happened after that: I thought myself smarter than my mother for the next 20 years; and I didn't write anything for the next 25.
Why? It wasn't a traumatic event, but it was consequential, more than she realized. I needed my Mom's approval, not her judgment. Her words had weight, they meant something to me as her daughter. Parent's opinions will always matter, especially to sensitive minds, i.e. writers. And mom didn't even tell me directly that I was bad, she implied it.
As a parent, your job is not to criticize your child's abilities, it is to nurture your child into the kind of person who will do great things with those abilities.
Pick out books about writing not the How to but books written by writers about writing. What are the best books on writing?
Ask her what she hopes to accomplish by writing, why does it matter to her, why does she like it.
Ask her about her creative process; how does she generate ideas, how does she know if they are good or bad.
Ask her about what authors she likes to read and why, who does she emulate?
If you can't do these things (understandable since she is a teenager and you're her parent), find her a mentor, a writer who can give her feedback, engagement and nurture her as a writer.
Help your daughter develop her insight, curiosity, creativity, integrity and discipline. Help her develop into the kind of person who will be better at writing. Better at everything. That's the best thing you can do.
How can I tell my 15-year-old daughter she is awful at writing?,Stan Hayward,https://www.quora.com/profile/Stan-Hayward-1, 2015-11-6 00:00:00,6900,37,My daughter was, and still is lousy at writing
But be clear on this
She is lousy at writing
She is not lousy at coming up with ideas and expressing them
But I never complained
as dyslexia is not her fault

I have worked with  many children who are awful at writing
Quite a few were rejected by schools because they became disruptive due to their poor results
They had a range of physical and mental handicaps that resulted in communication problems
Some of the handicaps were obvious, such as autism, dyslexia, blindness, deafness, etc.
Page on bbk.ac.uk
It is fairly common to find good artistists who are autistic and bad writers
gifted and talented autistic

For others, the handicaps were not so obvious, one being that people who should have been more sympathetic and helpful, were not

Your daughter might find my website on art a help
Make Movies
Or the one on writing at
MakeMovies Database
What would have happened if Google got Steve Jobs as their first CEO instead of Eric Schmidt?,Ratul Saha,https://www.quora.com/profile/Ratul-Saha, 2013-07-16 00:00:00,14200,119,There would not be any open source activities inside Google.

Which means, no Android, no Chrome, no a lot of things. No supporting to a lot of open source companies joining Google Summer of Code and numerous such activities.

Also, working in Google wouldn't be the cool thing as it is now.
What would have happened if Google got Steve Jobs as their first CEO instead of Eric Schmidt?,Doug Edwards,https://www.quora.com/profile/Doug-Edwards, 2015-04-27 00:00:00,9000,69,As pointed out by another comment, Larry was the first CEO, not Eric. That said, even when Eric was CEO, the majority of the company was owned by Larry and Sergey, and they usually voted as a bloc when they disagreed with Eric.  If Steve Jobs had been hired and disagreed with Larry, it would not be Larry who was forced out by the board.

I never met Jobs, and I know Larry admired him greatly, but I don't think they would have meshed well. My sense is that Jobs went with his intuition on major corporate decisions. Larry has great intuition as well, but then he backs it up with data. He likes to throw products into the market unfinished to get quick feedback, then iterate and improve and launch it again. And again. And again. He kills products that don't perform and moves on. I get the impression Jobs wanted every detail pinned down by launch date to present a perfectly formed object from the outset.

Ultimately Eric succeeded because he was smart both intellectually and emotionally and could navigate disagreement with Larry and Sergey without going nuclear over every issue. I've never read a description of Steve Jobs that indicates he had the same restraint. I don't think he would have lasted a year, but it would have been a very interesting year to live through as a Google employee.
What would have happened if Google got Steve Jobs as their first CEO instead of Eric Schmidt?,Stephen Kurtzman,https://www.quora.com/profile/Stephen-Kurtzman-1, 2015-08-19 00:00:00,8300,33,There is a fundamental difference between Steve Jobs' and Larry Page's philosophies.

Jobs believed in looking at a problem and solving it for the consumer, not in the way the consumer wanted, but in the way they needed. He considered the whole problem, not just the engineering aspect of it. He believed that design and function are two sides of the same coin. He concentrated on fewer products and made them great before they left the building.

Page believes in the power of the engineer to create something great. He isn't ashamed to release hundreds of half-baked ideas that consider only one aspect of a problem. Design is largely a UI afterthought at Google. This is the reason why all the money making products at Google were acquired instead of being novel Google creations. Those products needed someone who could care about every aspect of them at their beginning instead of only the scale and algorithmic aspects.

If Jobs had hired on as Google CEO, I suspect Page and Brin would have eventually had an autoimmune response.
What would have happened if Google got Steve Jobs as their first CEO instead of Eric Schmidt?,Gopalakrishnan Vaikuntam,https://www.quora.com/profile/Gopalakrishnan-Vaikuntam, 2013-07-15 00:00:00,3200,40,You would have had to pay everytime you searched for something and You would pay if you wanted your site to appear on the result page. All websites that would show up would have to be approved by them and any sites that made money would have to pay 30% of their revenue to them. Also, the home page would have less colors and would look glossy and shiny.
What would have happened if Google got Steve Jobs as their first CEO instead of Eric Schmidt?,George Gonzalez,https://www.quora.com/profile/George-Gonzalez-5, 2015-04-10 00:00:00,2400,2,Hard to say.   Google got into making gigabucks by selling ads, which was just a trial balloon, not necessarily anything that would have happened differently with a different CEO. 

Apple has bobbled setting up web sites, a few times.  Their original Apple Developer bulletin board was very slick, but they gave up on it and it morphed into, of all things, AOL, I think.    Also their first web server solution was really, really lame.   But of course iTunes could hardly have been a bigger hit, so one out of three isn't bad.
What would have happened if Google got Steve Jobs as their first CEO instead of Eric Schmidt?,Kiril Vinokurov,https://www.quora.com/profile/Kiril-Vinokurov, 2016-02-11 00:00:00,447,3,1. Apple would have hired Steve back within his first year at Google. It's quite hard to see him as Google CEO even for three-month period.
2. Had he managed to stay with Google longer, then we would have seen probably :
yearly subscriptions
totally awesome glossy doodles
massive product updates every year (by september-october)
Apple acquired by Google (but how?)
less free, more paid services designed elegantly but of little/no value
no Google+
tough competition with Facebook
What would have happened if Google got Steve Jobs as their first CEO instead of Eric Schmidt?,Harikrishnan G Nair,https://www.quora.com/profile/Harikrishnan-G-Nair, 2015-11-13 00:00:00,1100,8,Both Google and Apple would have been completely different companies. Now I agree with most of the answers here. But the question is "What would have happened?" and not "would he be the right fit?" (If you want to read only about what would have happened, skip to paragraph 5). I agree that Steve would probably have been a very bad fit at Google for the following reasons:

Steve Jobs was interested in making aesthetically beautiful and path breaking products for the mass market. He was not driven by the urge to find something new. He was interested in putting together things that already exist and making a product that would empower the user. Also, he was in bed with electronics, not the internet.

Google on the other hand is interested in pushing the envelop. They are interested in working on new technology. They work on the technology first and then think about monetizing and advertising it later. And they have a team of people who do both these tasks really well.

Logistically as well that would probably not work. Steve was fired from his job at Apple in 1985. Post his exit he started Next and later went on to back Pixar. But Apple bought Next in 1997, so that they got Jobs back on board. He was back at a company he had started and had so much love for. Google was incorporated as a privately listed company in 1998. They were working on the internet search, before it was cool. They were taking on established players like Yahoo and Microsoft. By the time they started becoming an established player, Apple had already released iMac, iTunes and the iPod, which were all selling like hot pan cakes. So even if they had approached Jobs for a role at Google, I am pretty sure he would have declined.

Now going by the theme of the question, assuming that google had hypothetically managed to get him. Lets also assume for the purposes of the question that google founders were supportive of Jobs in everything he did and gave him free reign. The google of today would be a completely different company. But google would still have been a force to recon with. Some consequences that I can think of are: 
The revenue model of google would have been different. Jobs does not like to use advertising (which is as of today the number 1 money cow for google) to make money. He feels that it hurts the user experience. His model could or could not have worked.
Google would have shifted focus to a lot of consumer facing products.
The Nexus devices would have been "Prettier" and would have been marketed better. 
Apple would be dead in the water (No iPod, No iMac). This is huge, as this would have eliminated a lot of the awesome products competitors built to counter and capitalize on the popularity of Apple products.
Android would have been a proprietary software (Assuming Jobs had the vision to come up with the idea of a smart phone or a google proprietary music player and ultimately buy Android, if not they would still be a struggling startup).
Chrome books would have been a bigger deal. They would also be designed better and would also be more customer focused.
Nokia (They might not necessarily have had to sell out to Microsoft) and Samsung (Their domination in the smartphone market is completely based on the foundations of android) would have been working on their own mobile operating systems (Android is not open source remember!) or some other company would have come up with an open source operating system, there by generating different app ecosystems.
Google plus would probably never have happened.
The focus would have shifted from research to product development.
A lot of the wild projects that google does now, that don't have a good go to market strategy (Ara or loon ) would be put on the back burner.
The word "open source" would have been banned in Google.
Google would not have made a lot of acquisitions (eg: Boston Dynamics) that it did.
These are just some of the things that I can think of. But the implication would have been much more complicated and diverse. The world would have been a completely different place because, we are talking about altering the course of two companies that pretty much drove the technology growth in consumer electronics over the past decades.

There you go.
What would have happened if Google got Steve Jobs as their first CEO instead of Eric Schmidt?,George Cheng,https://www.quora.com/profile/George-Cheng-1, 2013-07-23 00:00:00,4400,17,Steve Jobs would have never taken the job in the first place. He always talks about the need to have passion in everything he does. His passions were in taking complex technologies and creating simple to use products that almost anyone could use. He had a particular love of physical things. Online web services was never something he had much passion for, which can be seen in his past attempts at it.
What would have happened if Google got Steve Jobs as their first CEO instead of Eric Schmidt?,Matt Wasserman,https://www.quora.com/profile/Matt-Wasserman-1, 2013-07-15 00:00:00,262000,7200,We'd all still be using Alta Vista.

Steve Jobs was never the kind of guy who understood how much money there was to be made by giving things away for free. He created products, not services, and he charged as much as he could for them. He left low price points for others.

Obviously Google had a lot of potential to make money on the back end. But Steve, especially back in 1998, was all about making money on the front end.

If they had gotten Steve Jobs instead of Eric Schmidt, Google would have died a young death because they had the wrong CEO.
What would have happened if Google got Steve Jobs as their first CEO instead of Eric Schmidt?,Anand C Ramanathan,https://www.quora.com/profile/Anand-C-Ramanathan, 2013-07-20 00:00:00,2200,8,Google would have created paid services (based on a calculation elsewhere on quora, at about 20$ a year per user), and people wouldn't have gotten brain washed into squandering away control of their attention in return for 'free' services. As a consequence, people would have learnt to value things for themselves better, and be able to assign a dollar value of what something is worth to them (in contrast to the current state where people expect everything for free).
What would have happened if Google got Steve Jobs as their first CEO instead of Eric Schmidt?,Anonymous,,2017-09-28 00:00:00,406,2,Jobs would not have stayed long. He would be more of an advisor to Google and Eric Schmidt would end up as the CEO either way. (He WAS the CEO of two publicly traded company at that time)
Jobs’ time there would mainly be spent on hiring more talents and make Google’s culture a more focused one. He had a strong aversion towards a company that have too many products that doesn’t fit in a cohesive way, even if the products are good.
Google is a company that’s fundamentally different than anything that Jobs was ever involved in (Apple, NeXT, Pixar). Google had a great product and he would leave it to Larry and Sergey than trying to change it himself.
We would never be sure of what he may have done, but I believed that the way he regarded Facebook should give some more perspective.
Steve Jobs Admired Mark Zuckerberg So Much That He Wouldn't Compete With Him
What would have happened if Google got Steve Jobs as their first CEO instead of Eric Schmidt?,Deepanshu Mehndiratta,https://www.quora.com/profile/Deepanshu-Mehndiratta, 2013-07-18 00:00:00,2600,8,Android would have come out a lot sooner, wouldn't have been open source and would have been deeply integrated with each device using it, with a nominal fee from every vendor using it (although I doubt Steve would've licensed it and made it a blanket OS.)
Google would have been into consumer electronics a lot more.
Contrary to popular opinion on this page, the search would not have been paid but would have been deeply integrated with something like Siri with complete voice control over the handsets hitting the markets a lot sooner and with the possibility of a subscription model for such a service.
There wouldn't have been a Google Glass project.
The 20% personal time policy at Google would've ended a lot sooner.
There wouldn't have been a Google X Labs, a design lab instead?
What would have happened if Google got Steve Jobs as their first CEO instead of Eric Schmidt?,Anonymous,, 2015-04-25 00:00:00,1300,1,Even though they both have complementary skills, they both wouldn't make a complementary team.

Larry Page and Steve Jobs would have got into issues and one of them would be out. Given the previous successes of Steve Jobs (even before iMac, iTunes, iPod...) and his turn around of Apple after reentry, the early investors would have sided with Steve Jobs.

Pre-Eric Schmidt, Larry had done a number of management mistakes. Most popular one is Firing all managers, claiming Engineers don't need supervision, before the adult-supervision was brought in.

Both Larry Page and Steve Jobs are highly opinionated people that have an obsession to some specific things and both are not-so social, aggressive.

Whereas, Eric Schmidt knows how to respond without hurting others. If Eric and Larry had issues, Eric probably would be better at resolving them without showing power.
What would have happened if Google got Steve Jobs as their first CEO instead of Eric Schmidt?,Subbu Thenan,https://www.quora.com/profile/Subbu-Thenan, 2015-09-19 00:00:00,2500,18,Well we would have got,
Google maps without location sharing feature(Eventhough Apple maps has it ,Steve would have been against this as reasons for privacy)
Monthly or Yearly subscription for gmail
Android Would not have been open source
What would have happened if Google got Steve Jobs as their first CEO instead of Eric Schmidt?,Uday Bhaskar Jha,https://www.quora.com/profile/Uday-Bhaskar-Jha, 2015-08-10 00:00:00,1100,8,If Steve jobs would have taken the job of CEO at GOOGLE,

then Google instead of making hangout and orkut or Google+.etc. would have made something useful and not something reactive to some other product.

With these things, they made "me too, products".

And android wouldn't  have these many bugs in the first place.

Just saying, he would have done some world changing stuff there also.

Just like he changed the music industry, the animation industry. He must have changed the search industry for the better. Just saying!
What would have happened if Google got Steve Jobs as their first CEO instead of Eric Schmidt?,Richard Pariath,https://www.quora.com/profile/Richard-Pariath, 2015-11-15 00:00:00,1000,2,I loved this question :P
Things that would happen if Steve Jobs was the CEO
There would be No Nexus devices. (Seriously)
There would be No Chrome OS
No Open Source projects would be available
Android would exists.. But I bet no one would dare to make CyanogenMod or Paranoid stuffs :P (Beacause of legal issues)
If the Nexus device concepts existed, they would be far expensive.
We wouldn't have problems as far as innovation is concerned (See that's a good point)
We wouldn't have open source training by Google devs.
Apple would still be the king of smartphones (as far as adaption is concerned)
He doesn't have a playful nature so I guess No Material design concept would have been there... But I bet John Ivy might have brought something new to taste.
No further improvement in the search algorithms that Google use I.e ranking system
Apple would integrate Google apps and search, one way to ditch Microsoft bling and its apps :P
What would have happened if Google got Steve Jobs as their first CEO instead of Eric Schmidt?,Daliso Ngoma,https://www.quora.com/profile/Daliso-Ngoma, 2015-04-16 00:00:00,1000,2,I don't know.

As long as we're dealing with hypotheticals Google could have either succeeded or failed depending on the luck at the time. If anything I suppose we would have had an alternative to Alta Vista, or even another Google come out of the dark, or maybe a paid for Google.
What would have happened if Google got Steve Jobs as their first CEO instead of Eric Schmidt?,Ivan Fortuna,https://www.quora.com/profile/Ivan-Fortuna, 2015-08-13 00:00:00,867,3,It depands at what age Jobs become CEO there. As even Steve Wozniak mentioned that Jobs had a lot of fackups with his projects. That's why he was fired from Apple.

Moreover I would say that one person can't bring any company to the stars. The team and people who are working under "this lable" do that.

So, a lot of points depands on how tight your hands tied. You can be a genius like Jobs was. But without team - you are nothing.

That's why I would say: "What could be with Google if Larry, or Eric had such team as Jobs had".
What would have happened if Google got Steve Jobs as their first CEO instead of Eric Schmidt?,Srinivas Kumar,https://www.quora.com/profile/Srinivas-Kumar, 2014-04-17 00:00:00,1000,2,I have a great respect for Steve Jobs but never imagined him working in the current market or out of Apple. As others mentioned, he was more of a products guy who cared more about design.

Google has always made its products very simple and easy to understand, and they have given some amazing things for free, which i do not think Steve would do.

I just have this feeling that Steve would have failed, it feels like a father or grandfather giving you outdated advice which you know is not going to work out in contemporary world.
How can I learn to be more fun?,Milena Rangelov,https://www.quora.com/profile/Milena-Rangelov, 2015-11-2 00:00:00,12400,159,While I do believe that we should learn how to live in our own skin and not accept others' definitions of "fun" mindlessly, I also think that good social interactions are super important. Here are my 10 ideas on how to be more fun, without compromising who you are:
Be interested in other people's stories. Ask them questions. Listen carefully. Ask some more.
Remember. Practice your memory and remember other people's stories, names, ideas, hobbies. There are two benefits.You'll impress the people you met the next time you meet them. ("Wow, he actually remembered everything I said!" Most of the people just wait for their turn to tell something about themselves.Or you'll have more material to talk about with others. ("Hey I recently met a girl who works a s a professional baker. She makes 1000 cookies a day. Can you imagine? Without temptation to eat one!")
Expand your mental library. Read a lot and make it diverse.
Sharpen your sense of humor. Watch stand up comedy. Read The Onion. I love Buzzfeed, too (in tiny dosages). See how other people are making jokes. Infusing your day with humor will help you see what's funny in ordinary situations and come up with your own jokes.
Come up with a few conversation starters. The moment between meeting someone and having a warm chat, intersected with the occasional laughter, can be super awkward. Sometimes insurmountable. So think about how to start conversation. For instance: "What brought you here tonight?" is a classic. I heard a great one recently: "If I really knew you, what would I know?" My beloved Alexandra Franzen has written 100 Q's to spark the conversation. Worth checking out. 100 questions to spark conversation & connection. | Alexandra Franzen
Position your interlocutor as an expert. Ask what do you study/do/what is your hobby and then tell: "Wow, honestly, I don't know the first thing about that. Can you tell me a bit more?" We often try to come up with something to say about the field we are not familiar with, so that we can connect. Wrong. Have your new friend talk about what he does and listen carefully. Admit that you don't know anything and let him or her shine. And listen.
Laugh at yourself. Most people enjoy telling you how smart, brilliant and glorious they are when you first meet them and that's ANNOYING. ("My parents taught me to work hard for everything that I have. I am such a hard worker. I have earned everything thanks to my own effort..." "OK, good job. Now shut up and let me drink my beer, I don't care anyways.") Instead, have a clumsy story handy and make people laugh. I recently had a (true) story "5 ways I used my coffee machine wrong". (You wouldn't believe what kind of ideas one can have before the first coffee.) It makes people laugh, relax and it shows them that I'm one of them.
Refresh your stories time after time. Remember to whom you have told it before. Have a few more handy. Don't repeat. ("Oh no, here she comes with the story about coffee machine again!")
Start journaling. That is a powerful tool for staying present, capturing the stories, reflecting and gaining more confidence.
Don't try to fill every second with the conversation. Smile. Take a deep breath. Watch around. Take a sip of your drink. Say: "It was so nice to meet you. See you around." Give your new friend space and freedom.
Bonus: Remind yourself of small social skills. Smile. Look people in the eyes. Shake hands firmly. When people say their name repeat after them, so that you can remember. Put your phone aside. Say: "Thank you." Say: "It was nice to talk to you." Smile.
This was my A to your Q, I hope you'll find it inspiring and useful.
What is more important, family or friends?,Reshma Merani,https://www.quora.com/profile/Reshma-Merani, 2016-06-9 00:00:00,12400,25,Friends or family who is more important?
What is more important, family or friends?,Mallikarjun Pandya,https://www.quora.com/profile/Mallikarjun-Pandya-1,2017-09-19 00:00:00,8200,185,Who is more important, friends or family?
What is more important, family or friends?,Harini Narayanan,https://www.quora.com/profile/Harini-Narayanan-3, 2016-06-10 00:00:00,5200,85,Friends or family who is more important?
What is more important, family or friends?,Jake Williams,https://www.quora.com/profile/Jake-Williams-65,2017-09-18 00:00:00,14800,564,Who is more important, friends or family?
How difficult is it to pursue the MS&E MS program at Stanford as a HCP student while working full-time as a software engineer?,Tom Kosnik,https://www.quora.com/profile/Tom-Kosnik, 2016-02-23 00:00:00,2000,20,I have been teaching students in the Masters in MS&E Honors Co Op Program (HCP) since 1995.  My experience is: if you are good enough to get into the MS. MS&E HCP program, you are good enough to ace most of your courses while working full time.
However, it depends on where you are working as a software engineer.  For example, I have had Great SCPD students working at HP, Microsoft, Ericsson, Intel, Oracle, Google, Facebook, NASA United Technologies, Ford, GM, etc.  However, these are all large companies, where relatively few people are working 60-70 hours a week.  If you have a boss on a project who is forcing you to work those long hours, you can appeal to HR and they will rein in the boss from hell.
Software engineers in many Silicon Valley startups burn the midnight oil.  60-hour work weeks are often the rule, not the exception.  In what I call "crunch mode" the software engineers can work 90-100 hour weeks for months at a time.  The founders consider working hard a sign of your commitment, and the VCs who are on your board consider complaints from an employee to be signs of a "bad attitude"  And if you say you need time off to study, you may find yourself among the first to be laid off when the burn rate is too high.
Bottom line: If you want to get a Masters Degree in MS&E HCP  while working full time, pick a company values the degree, and who thinks working smart is more useful that working crazy hours. 
All the best,
Tomk
What app marketing (ASO) tools do you use?,Neal Han,https://www.quora.com/profile/Neal-Han-1,2017-01-24 00:00:00,142,11,Lots of tools have been listed above, I recommend another unique tool, that is specially for Apple Search Ads Analytic.
The official website is below
Appstore Search Marketing Analytic Tool for Apple Search Ads Users!
Analyze keywords - including keywords priority, related apps, difficulty, CPC cost, etc.
App analysis - check the Search Ads information of an app, such as, app ranking history, ads copies screenshots, app keywords list, etc.
Monitor system - add keywords and apps in your following list, you will get updated if there is any change in the ranking, price, etc.
Optimization for Search Ads - ASMBee is designed to help Apple Search Ads users find more niche and get more impressions, taps, installs, and make the CR higher.
What app marketing (ASO) tools do you use?,Gabriel Machuret,https://www.quora.com/profile/Gabriel-Machuret, 2016-03-17 00:00:00,975,26,You see the answers of many "experts" , see Ryan Kelley are mainly the answers of people pushing you to choose 1 tool over another one.
My toy is bigger than yours! My toy is bigger than yours! -- that usualy seems to be the answer when you get ASO tool reps answering about ASO.
The question to ask is: what are you using the tools for.
You see, ASO tools have different functions.
I can use Sensor Tower for their new possibility rank approach. Or I can use Sensor Tower for their trends.
I can also use Searchman for their overall ranking algorithm or to understand winners and loosers of the week that give me a good perspective of trends.
Appmind is a basic tool... but I can use it for tracking perfectly.
Any ASO tool that tells you they "found the secret" is just full of rubbish....
Apple doesn't provide data and nobody can predict search patterns. If it hasn't happen in SEO... how the heck will it happen in the app stores that is a close enviroment.
Now, keyword research.... any tool that you use gives you a data that doesn't include DOWNLOAD intent.
My kids may be searching for Peppa Pig... but that doesn't mean they will download it.
While I look for productivy app and I will download it.
So at the end of the day, you have more data... you have more information than any fancy dashboard.
By the way if you want to get more info about App store optimization, here is a copy of my book
ASO Bible
What's Quora's policy on atheists' answers making fun of religions and religious characters, thus being disrespectful to a community?,John Lombard,https://www.quora.com/profile/John-Lombard-5, 2016-01-13 00:00:00,748,36,There is an important difference that far too many people seem to be entirely incapable of comprehending.  And it is this -- there is a massive difference between being disrespectful of a belief system, and being disrespectful towards a person.
Personally, I think that religious beliefs are absolutely ridiculous (and I used to be a Christian missionary, and attended one of the most conservative Bible colleges in N. America...so I understand why people believe it, even though it's ridiculous).  For example, point out to a Christian that some American Native Peoples believe that they were created by tears mixed with clay, and they'll say how patently ridiculous that is...but turn around and point out that their religion says man was created from soil, and women from a man's rib, and they'll think it completely reasonable.  Or point out Native American stories where people talk with animals, and they'll dismiss it as obvious fiction; but point out where the Bible says humans talked with snakes, or donkeys, and they'll consider it quite reasonable.
I've been involved in numerous debates with people whose beliefs were different from my own, where I respected them and they respected me, yet we fundamentally disagreed with and criticized each others' beliefs.
If your own beliefs are so fragile that having others question, criticize, or mock them causes an existential crisis where you feel you're being personally attacked, then I'd suggest that a place specifically set up to provide different answers to peoples' questions is probably not the place for you.
Heck, why would anyone come to a place like this to ask questions, and then require that those responding only give answers that you agree with?  Rather an exercise in futility, I'd think.
What's Quora's policy on atheists' answers making fun of religions and religious characters, thus being disrespectful to a community?,Ozgur Zeren,https://www.quora.com/profile/Ozgur-Zeren, 2016-01-15 00:00:00,230,6,It seems they have properly distinguished in between respecting people and adhering to respect demands of a religion:
If someone respects a religion, religious practices and religious figures in the manner that is seen proper or that is mandated by a religion, he becomes a believer/adherent of that religion.
That's the most important catch of the 'respect' thing.
A religious person can demand respect for himself/herself.
But s/he can't demand respect for his religion, religious concepts, or religious figures of that religion. Because all of these are part of that religion, and no one else but the believers of that religion are obliged to follow those guidelines.
Thus, someone may respect you and your right to believe any religion you see fit. But, s/he does not have to respect the religion itself, or adhere to any standards of respect that religion requires.
What's Quora's policy on atheists' answers making fun of religions and religious characters, thus being disrespectful to a community?,Al Klein,https://www.quora.com/profile/Al-Klein, 2016-01-7 00:00:00,126,3,Disrespect isn't allowed.  Disagreeing with someone isn't disrespect, in and of itself.  IOW, saying "I think the Jesus of the Bible is a myth" isn't disrespectful.  Making fun of people who accept Jesus as their savior is.  (I have no problem with religious beliefs - as long as they're beliefs.  I have a problem with someone trying to force their beliefs, or actions based on those beliefs, on me.)
What's Quora's policy on atheists' answers making fun of religions and religious characters, thus being disrespectful to a community?,Louis Cohen,https://www.quora.com/profile/Louis-Cohen-1, 2016-01-13 00:00:00,76,1,I certainly have no respect for religious beliefs or any of the characters in religious myths (with the rare of exception of characters who actually do good things).
This is a pretty fine distinction, but I can respect people outside of their religious beliefs; I just can't respect an adult belief that fairy tales are real. 
What were the four/five key decisions that Larry Page and Sergey Brin made in the early days of Google?,Brandon Smietana,https://www.quora.com/profile/Brandon-Smietana, 2010-07-11 00:00:00,49400,987,Larry Page's brother Carl Page had experience with venture capitalists, having sold eGroups to Yahoo for $432 million. Because of Carl Page's experience with venture capitalists Page and Brin were extremely unwilling to cede control over their company to investors.

Learning the lessons of Carl Page, Page and Brin delayed venture capital financing until they were almost profitable, resulting in a higher valuation and less loss of control over their company; Google's VC round valuation was extremely high by historical standards and this reflected their bargaining position at the time. They played two prominent separate venture capitalist firms against each other to minimize their loss of control and to maximize valuation and double the number of social connections the company had access to. Page and Brin issued themselves special Class-B shares which held 10 votes per share compared to the 1 vote per share of the Class-A and common stock. This effectively eliminated the possibility of investor take-over of the company by shareholder vote, as each founder had more votes than all the outstanding shares of Class-A and common stock. Sergey and Larry were also extremely careful about choosing their board members and put an emphasis on retaining control of the board.

The one concession Page and Brin made was an agreement to bring on an outside CEO. However they delayed doing this for years and antagonized all prospective CEO candidates, merely meeting with them to placate their VC investors. Under pressure from the VC, Page and Brin took on Eric Schmidt as CEO, but only after examining a large number of candidates. Page and Brin put an unusual amount of time into CEO selection and chose to delay taking on a CEO until they found one who was compatible with and would not adversely affect their company culture. Eric Schmidt was probably a particularly good fit with Google's culture because of his tenure at Sun.

Retaining control over the company proved to be crucial to Google's success. Most of the early company revenues came from enterprise search, and the investors and Eric Schmidt pressured the company to drop consumer facing search and to focus on the enterprise market. However Page and Brin disregarded this advice as they anticipated the growth of a market for online advertisement. At the time this decision was being made, the New York Times was quoting experts as saying "No one will ever make $250 million dollars a year from online advertising."  It has also been said that Page and Brin disregarded pressure from investors to copy Yahoo! and diversify Google into a portal site, deciding instead to focus on the core search and advertising market.

Another key decision Google made was to keep their financials absolutely secret. Page and Brin learned something from the Internet Explorer and Netscape browser wars and had a healthy fear of Microsoft coming in and crushing them. They therefore kept their financials absolutely secret, did no marketing, did not evangelize their product and hid the fact that they were making money at all. Not even employees in the company had access to the financial information due to the fear that knowledge about the profitability of search could spur competition with Microsoft.

Another key decision in the company's history was achieving early profitability, and going for an IPO, using the funds to acquire and build an advertising network. Google would not have been as successful as it is today if it had chosen to be acquired instead of achieving profitability and doing an IPO. It has been suggested that Google's hand was forced in the decision to IPO rather than undergoing acquisition because it was unable to find a company interested in purchasing them.

Lessons to be learned:
Choose a market that is exploding in size:  mobile devices, cloud computing, (anything else to add to this list?)
Google was not the first search engine, YouTube was not the first video sharing website, Facebook was not the first social network. Everyone knew that the search engine market was "mature" and that it was impossible for a new entrant to compete with Yahoo! and Altavista. Google came in and annihilated them anyway. Find competitive advantage and leverage technology.
Maintain control of your company. If you cannot resist pressure from your investors to do the wrong things, your company will fail. Where would Google be today if it had left the consumer search market and focused solely on enterprise document search? Where would it be if it had copied Yahoo! and became a portal site?
Early revenues and profitability are extremely important and give you a better bargaining position with investors.  Google became profitable in its third year of operation according to its SEC form S-1 filing.
Take as long as necessary to find the perfect CEO. When you are a startup and only have 5 million a year in revenue the CEOs you have access to will not be as good as the ones you will be able to acquire later. Do not be pressured into taking on a CEO who is not the right fit for the company you are building. Aggressively leverage high profile VC investor connections to gain access to competent high level talent.
Company culture is extremely important to attracting talent. Paul Buchheit who invented Gmail left his job at Intel and took a pay cut to join Google. Everyone working at Google at the time "knew" that Google was going to be crushed by Altavista and Yahoo. Paul Buchheit quit his job at Intel to take a pay cut to work at a company he thought was doomed, because "Google was more fun" than working at Intel. Culture is more important than compensation for attracting star employees and you should leverage it.

"Honestly, I was pretty sure AltaVista was going to destroy Google" -Paul Buchheit, pg.  174 "Founders at Work" http://amzn.to/93eUFo

As Keith Rabois mentioned, "Googled: The End of the World as We Know It" http://amzn.to/9YCbm9 is an absolutely great book.  Especially for understanding Google's corporate strategy, internal decisions and how Google obtained dominance as the world's largest media company.
What were the four/five key decisions that Larry Page and Sergey Brin made in the early days of Google?,Keith Rabois,https://www.quora.com/profile/Keith-Rabois, 2010-04-16 00:00:00,7000,23,I would read Ken Auletta's excellent new book on Google -- Googled: The End of the World as We Know It. http://www.amazon.com/Googled-En...

Ken unearths many of the misunderstood and key decisions in Google's history.  Even if you *think* you understand the Google story, it is definitely worth reading.
What were the four/five key decisions that Larry Page and Sergey Brin made in the early days of Google?,Jake Kaldenbaugh,https://www.quora.com/profile/Jake-Kaldenbaugh, 2011-01-23 00:00:00,1900,27,In my opinion, the following major strategic decisions Google made that led to their success are:
Reconsidered putting ads into the search results after initially believing it wasn't necessary. Google's executive team successfully identified the highest value internet advertising business model and pivoted their search model to exploit that opportunity through AdWords.  This eventually became the core economic generator for one of the fastest-growing and most profitable businesses in recent history.  Reference: http://www.marketingtilt.com.au/...
Bought a significant amount of "dark" fiber in early 2000's for pennies on the dollar.  They recognized that having control over the delivery of content would be a strategic advantage and exploited a value anomaly available in the market due to the dot-com bust. Reference: http://dondodge.typepad.com/the_...
Created extremely high standards for hiring and developed a unique company culture to retain that talent.  Google focused on bringing in the smartest people it could find, rewarding them in non-traditional (but maybe more effective) ways and rearchitecting the organizational model to exploit their talent more effectively. While this is de rigeur today, at the time it was a new approach to organizational design. Reference: http://www.nytimes.com/2004/06/0...
Developing an innovative, optimized and highly-scalable infrastructure.  They continue to lead the world in demonstrating how to leverage both HW and SW to support new possibilities in information architecture. Their investment in developing their own reference designs and optimized datacenters has helped revolutionize how major enterprises think about computing. Reference: http://www.manageability.org/blo...
What were the four/five key decisions that Larry Page and Sergey Brin made in the early days of Google?,Ben Golub,https://www.quora.com/profile/Ben-Golub, 2010-08-10 00:00:00,2400,16,Using a simple, smart, scaleable ranking system (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pag...) and figuring out how to compute the ranking efficiently. I am far from an expert on search engine history, but it seems that the previous market leaders were fairly simplistic in ranking results. PageRank is based on eigenvector centrality (a notion that was around in sociology since the fifties) in which an important website is one that is linked to by other important websites. More precisely, the importance of a website is a weighted sum of the importances of websites that link to it.

This system allows the network of links itself to tell you which sites matter most. Introducing this notion to search and solving the surrounding computational challenges was probably the main technological decision Google made in the early days. The computational side -- figuring out how to update the ranking dynamically as the web changes -- was a major challenge, and getting around it was a major breakthrough.

See Google's PageRank and Beyond: The Science of Search Engine Rankings by Amy Langville & Carl Meyer (http://press.princeton.edu/title...) or this online paper by the same authors (http://meyer.math.ncsu.edu/Meyer...). They provide a readable and complete introduction to the mathematical and computational issues.
What were the four/five key decisions that Larry Page and Sergey Brin made in the early days of Google?,Ed H. Chi,https://www.quora.com/profile/Ed-H.-Chi, 2010-04-19 00:00:00,1400,10,In no particular order:
They were indeed grassroots, and people learned about them mostly thru word-of-mouth. The fact that they went viral, instead of trying for a big marketing push (thus growing the company organically somewhat) was a good decision.
Focusing on the user experience and speed was crucial as Anand said.
Communicating to the user that they weren't just another big corporation that didn't cared about what they were thinking (or at least had the appearance of doing that). Other search engines at the time (98, 99, 2000-ish) acted like search engine war was a done deal.
Taking the right venture money, which connected them socially to the right people.
Relentless focus on finding the best people. 1 good engineer easily can beat 10 bad or mediocre ones.
Invested in technology to really scale the operation up to web scale. Ben's answer wasn't quite on the money, because the trick was figuring out how to compute PageRank efficiently. Back then, that was an open problem.
What were the four/five key decisions that Larry Page and Sergey Brin made in the early days of Google?,Doug Edwards,https://www.quora.com/profile/Doug-Edwards, 2011-03-17 00:00:00,2400,13,That question needs more than a short answer, but if I had to give one in 3 words or less, I'd say: Hiring Urs Holzle. He's the guy who made Google work while Larry and Sergey built the business. I talk at length about him in my book ("I'm Feeling Lucky: The Confessions of Google Employee Number 59"), which comes out in July, 2011.

Not giving a damn what anyone else thought would be pretty high up there too. For example, L&S didn't hold off on venture funding. They took it when they had no revenue of note and no clear idea how they were going to generate any. They just valued the company based on how big they thought it would become, ignoring the traditional, rational, sensible ways of determining worth. It's to the credit of Moritz and Doerr that they bought in anyway. I'm discussing other issues from Google's early days on xooglers.blogspot.com if you're interested in more about the company's founding.
How does "Truecaller" identify proper name of an unknown number?,Vikas Patil,https://www.quora.com/profile/Vikas-Patil-55, 2016-01-26 00:00:00,3200,25,Truecaller works on basis of information sharing by its user directly or indirectly.
Suppose a user call it as XYZ installs truecaller, as soon as he installed it , all contacts from his phone get copied to truecaller server,
Lets assume this user has a contact number(assume 123456789) of his friend saved as "Buddy" not as his actual his name(assume ABC)
So when ABC calls anyone from his phone ,
His name displayed as "Buddy"  in truecaller.
Now lets assume ABC's contacts number is saved in 100 people's phones who have truecaller installed,
Out of which suppose 30 peoples saved his number as ABC,
Some 30 odd saved as only AC or by any other name,
And Remaining 40 people saved it as "Buddy"
nOw in this case when ABC calls someone , His number will be displayed only as "Buddy' though its his original name,because when truecaller server looks up for ABC's number, it tally available data it have , compares it then display result name that prevalent in most of users who have his number,
this is way , truecaller works.

P.S. this is not most techNically sound answer but its explained lucid terms to explain it to someone from non techNical background.
How does "Truecaller" identify proper name of an unknown number?,Shobhit Jain,https://www.quora.com/profile/Shobhit-Jain, 2015-06-14 00:00:00,5400,2,Why aren't some contacts identified by Truecaller? How does that work?
How does "Truecaller" identify proper name of an unknown number?,Gaurav Sant,https://www.quora.com/profile/Gaurav-Sant, 2015-06-15 00:00:00,3500,2,Why aren't some contacts identified by Truecaller? How does that work?
How does "Truecaller" identify proper name of an unknown number?,Lindsey LaMont,https://www.quora.com/profile/Lindsey-LaMont,2017-01-28 00:00:00,162,0,Either the person has set up a profile within the app and can edit their details, or the name has come from a public source (white/yellow pages, Yelp, etc), or other users have tagged that person as a certain name - and in that case the majority rules. The app also filters out nicknames (mom, dad, cousin) and profanity.
You can learn more here: Be Better at Business Through Truecaller (Part 1)
How does "Truecaller" identify proper name of an unknown number?,Satyam Kumar,https://www.quora.com/profile/Satyam-Kumar-33, 2016-01-27 00:00:00,1700,2,The answer is, it doesn't identify the proper name.

Truecaller gets its database updated about any person from other people's contact list. Say person 'A' doesn't use truecaller, but person 'B' does. Now if 'A' is in B's contact list, A's identity will be uploaded to truecaller's database. That too, with whatever name B has given to A in his contact list(say 'AA').

So, now if you'll search for A's number in truecaller, it'll be displayed as AA's number instead of A's number.

PS: If due to privacy reasons you don't want your number in Truecaller's database, you can do that too by going to the settings. Hence from that point forward your number won't ever get uploaded there no matter if it is with anyone using Truecaller.
How does "Truecaller" identify proper name of an unknown number?,Neeraj Pandey,https://www.quora.com/profile/Neeraj-Pandey-40, 2016-01-26 00:00:00,1700,3,It looks like they scan and upload the entire phonebook to their servers. So if you install their app, it will make a note of all your contacts and upload them to the server. But that's just my guess, otherwise they have no way to know which number belongs to whom. They seem to have built a big library of number. I'm quite sure this is a breach of privacy. They also seem to connect to the Facebook and LinkedIn and scan the contact information there.
How does "Truecaller" identify proper name of an unknown number?,Sachin Anbhule,https://www.quora.com/profile/Sachin-Anbhule, 2016-01-26 00:00:00,1400,2,hi  i am working of same type of flow for my app so  i think i need to answer this question ..when u install the app  then all contacts in your app is uploaded to true caller server but the question arise how do they find exact name then
see this case :
case 1: number=1234 name =xxx
case 2: number=1234 name =xyxyxyx
case 3: number=1234 name =xxx
case 4: number=1234 name =xx
then there server responses with xxx to number 1234
this how true caller works....
How does "Truecaller" identify proper name of an unknown number?,Kunjan Patel,https://www.quora.com/profile/Kunjan-Patel, 2015-06-15 00:00:00,1200,0,Why aren't some contacts identified by Truecaller? How does that work?
My VC firm "folded", where should I apply myself next?,Quintin Adamis,https://www.quora.com/profile/Quintin-Adamis, 2012-10-13 00:00:00,282,1,My advice is a bit different and I don't believe that there is any set path for anything in the world, but rather know there are multiple ones.

You gained experience over the last 3 years in many ways. It does not matter if it was top tier or not. You didn't build a track record an you didn't network, those 2 aspects are important for moving forward.

The skill sets involved in PE are comparable to what a good CFA should know and combined with your past 3 years experience, you now have to update your resume to reflect what you've learned and what you are continuing to learn.

Usually after a couple years as an associate, people move on to operational roles, other firms or form their own firm and management company. This is the path I've chosen and I began stepping up my networking in the end of 2011/early 2012, so my plans for everything else realistically won't go into effect until 2013, such as fund structure and raising funds. The reasoning behind this, is I'd like to develop somewhat of a relationship with my LPs before I ever bother saying I'm raising X amount.

You mention the differences between VC and PE, well there are differences within PE itself as well. For this, I actually read and study books written for LPs to have a much better understanding of their perspective and their expectations.

So your options are similar. Either find another firm so you will have a total 5 year stint as an Associate or Research and Learn about the next step up from that role. And like I said, you may also just want an operational role within a startup. Many take this route. A GP friend of mine said, "he missed building" so he became an entrepreneur after leaving a few fairly successful funds he managed.
My VC firm "folded", where should I apply myself next?,Hans Peter Jeschke,https://www.quora.com/profile/Hans-Peter-Jeschke, 2012-10-13 00:00:00,1300,0,In the entertainment business you sometimes see that people make all their problems public but in the venture capital industry it is probably not the wisest move.

Imagine you were a tier one venture capital firm and here comes that youngster and spreads out his not so fabulous experiences. Would you really feel comfortable hiring somebody that does so?

3 years ago you were probably happy that you got the job. If that company is now about to close the doors it should have been obvious probably a little earlier and as you were part of it not performing well, somebody might ask why you did not do anything.

My suggestion: Buy yourself a good newspaper, go through the positions offered and apply to the jobs that might fit.

Once you get a new job make sure that you help that company to grow and expand.
How lucrative is Bitcoin?,Glyn MacLean,https://www.quora.com/profile/Glyn-MacLean,2017-01-22 00:00:00,2600,6,Very.
Bitcoin has the potential to go as high as $1m per bitcoin, according to some key industry leaders
e.g. CEO of XAPO.
Watch this: Xapo CEO: A Bitcoin Could Be Worth $1M in 10 Years
It works like this.
DEVALUATION
FIAT currency continues to DEVALUE.
CRYPTOCURRENCY becomes a safe haven for value.

INFO SOURCE: www.minethebitcoins.com
gjmaclean
How lucrative is Bitcoin?,Aaron Cody,https://www.quora.com/profile/Aaron-Cody-3,2017-01-26 00:00:00,77,1,Hi,
Bitcoin as a cryptocurrency it has created a lot of historical changes in the traditional monetary systems over the past few years. Though it has a price volatility the bitcoin fever has never drop down among the people. Bitcoin enthusiasts belives that the price of a bitcoin could reach 2000 in the end of the year 2017!
In the other side, bitcoin become a source to bitcoin startups! It is very clear that whatever happens in the bitcoin price It would not affect the bitcoin trading! traders would never get tired of trading the bitcoin. A lot of organizations has started to accept bitcoin as a payment.
Here have a look about why bitcoin is more special and how it will become a source to bitcoin startups?
Also have a look about what are the top trending and most profitable bitcoin startups?
How lucrative is Bitcoin?,Octagon Strategy,https://www.quora.com/profile/Octagon-Strategy,2017-02-02 00:00:00,277,0,As at the time of this writing, the current price of BitCoin (Thursday 2
nd
February 2017) was 989.47USD and exactly a year back, it was 369.18USD.
Comparing BTC returns with that of the DJI and gold, this is what I obtained.
Current Price of BTC: 989.47USD
Price of BTC 1Y back: 369.18USD
Price increase/Decrease: +168%
Current Price of Gold: 1214.2USD
Price of Gold 1Y back: 1128.7USD
Price Increase/Decrease: +7.57%
Current Price of DJI: 19890.94
Price of DJI 1Y back: 16153.54
Price Increase/Decrease: +23.14%
Based on the record of the last year alone, you would see that BTC has outperformed both the performance of gold and DJI by a landslide.
BTC is less established in terms of an investment vehicle than both gold and the DJI. A simple example would be the EU ruling BTC a currency, while U.S classify it as a commodity. So what exactly should BTC be classified as? With that level of uncertainty and variability in BTC, it has a chance of obtaining supernormal returns like it had in the past years, but there is a chance things could also take a turn for the worse.
While I can say for certain on the historical returns of these modes of investments and compare the performance between them, no one can speak with confidence how lucrative BTC will be in 2017 or the coming years.
A golden rule of the thumb when it comes to investing would be that the amount of risk correlates with the amount of returns.
How lucrative is Bitcoin?,Justyna Laskowska Witek,https://www.quora.com/profile/Justyna-Laskowska-Witek,2017-01-19 00:00:00,115,1,In regard to price changes you might gain fat earnings. Take a look at prices changes over last two months.
What are the chances that the passengers of MH370 are holed up on an uninhabited island like in Lost?,CL Messke,https://www.quora.com/profile/CL-Messke,2017-02-03 00:00:00,99,1,Unlikely.
The wreckage found on the eastern coast of Africa and Madagascar and verified to be from a Boeing 777 is likely part of the wreckage of MH370, considering the only other major hull loss incident for the 777 was the infamous shoot down of MH17 over Ukraine.
This wreckage indicates a crash into the water, likely uncontrolled. Given the data, it is not a far leap of faith to conclude that MH370 unfortunately came down in the sea, taking the lives of its passengers and crew.
The question is: where is the rest of the plane?
What are the chances that the passengers of MH370 are holed up on an uninhabited island like in Lost?,Jonathan Anderson,https://www.quora.com/profile/Jonathan-Anderson-15,2017-01-12 00:00:00,108,1,The chances of any passengers surviving a Boeing 777 landing on an island (without a runway) or on water are very nearly zero.
What are the chances that the passengers of MH370 are holed up on an uninhabited island like in Lost?,Sheetanshu Bhardwaj,https://www.quora.com/profile/Sheetanshu-Bhardwaj, 2015-05-26 00:00:00,251,3,13.75%
I added someone on Snapchat and sent a message, and it was a grey arrow indicating I wasn't added back but it says the message was delivered?,Amna Khan,https://www.quora.com/profile/Amna-Khan-194,2017-02-02 00:00:00,13,0,Yes, It was delivered.
I added someone on Snapchat and sent a message, and it was a grey arrow indicating I wasn't added back but it says the message was delivered?,Yotam Twersky,https://www.quora.com/profile/Yotam-Twersky,2017-02-03 00:00:00,5,0,The message was sent.
How do I display blog posts on a single page?,Shahroz Nawaz,https://www.quora.com/profile/Shahroz-Nawaz,2017-11-4 00:00:00,14,0,Hi see this blog it contains code snippets to show post by a specific id.
Query or show a specific post in wordpress
How often do kids die at your school?,Preetika Subramaniam,https://www.quora.com/profile/Preetika-Subramaniam,2017-01-11 00:00:00,4700,73,When I was in junior high, one of my classmates, Samson, was an introvert. He was mostly pulled out of class for not finishing his assignments and was held back in the same class for two years by the time I became his classmate. We never really spoke and soon, I passed and went on to the next grade. He was held back again.
Years later, I heard that Samson had been drinking heavily on the terrace of his building. He was high, and dazed. He slipped off the corner parapet, and fell. He couldn't be saved.
When I heard this,I was numb. Dazed. He was a pretty good guy at heart.
High school, few days before Christmas, a classmate was killed in a horrific car crash. He was quite rich. He and his friend (my school junior) decided to visit his farmhouse outside the city over the weekend and they took an expensive, fast car that belonged to his parents. While returning Sunday night, his friend was driving. He drove at an insane speed, lost control and crashed into a tree along the highway. The tree had hit the shotgun side of the car in which my classmate was seated. My classmate was thrown out of his seat and through the windshield. He died immediately. He wasn't wearing a seatbelt. His friend was trapped by the steering wheel and survived with a few injuries.
I still remember seeing the news flash on TV and they showed the black burnt marks on the road. The car was so fast that the highway had tire burns for many metres. I remember being shocked and dazed again. I remembered Samson. We held a memorial for him at the school chapel the next day.
That same year, an exceedingly bright student was diagnosed with blood cancer. It was too late. He hardly survived three weeks. He was my senior. He always had the symptoms. He used to get frequent fever too. He used to attend class with a strip of fever tablets in his pockets. He just assumed that he was too weak. No one thought it would be so serious. When he died, my mom went to visit his parents at their home. She was his class teacher. She had even taught his elder sister a few years back. She came back home and told me his parents wept copiously, holding her for support. She said she felt so helpless.
Next year, another senior from that same batch killed himself. He was in love with a girl from his batch and she never responded. He was an only child. They later found note books filled with his random sketches and her name written over and over again. His parents were so devastated that they left the city soon. Even now, his Facebook wall is active and I get notified for his birthday till date. It makes me hopelessly sad every time.
I was always aware of the effect on their families and the actual reasons for their death, because my mother would always visit them and do her best to make it just a little more bearable for them, no matter she was ever their teacher or not.
I learnt some lessons that I'll never forget in my life and they have impacted me till date.
I learnt that no amount of fun or being high from alcohol, drugs or rash behaviour is good enough to justify losing your life over it. Period.
Always think about your parents before you do any thing. Imagine the pain and suffering that they will go through when they have to see their own child dead before their eyes. No one in this world has the right to make his parents suffer this way. I visited some of these families with my mother. I felt as if their souls had already left with their children.
Even today, I think how my decisions will effect my parents before I take them. This is probably the least I owe to them.
What can non-profits do with the money they raise?,Rana Bhattacharjee,https://www.quora.com/profile/Rana-Bhattacharjee-5,2017-11-6 00:00:00,32,2,Non profits have well defined guidelines of what the donations will be used for. These would primarily include the projects they are fundraising for. Apart from this, the funds are used for routine operational and administrative activities. Non profits are subject to regulation and audits every year so have to be careful in not using the funds for any other activities.
What can non-profits do with the money they raise?,Fasoranti Damilola,https://www.quora.com/profile/Fasoranti-Damilola,2017-11-9 00:00:00,34,1,They should use it exactly for what they said they wanted to use it for.
If there's any conflict to do otherwise, it is imperative for them to speak to the people that contributed or donated the funds about the change in course of action and why.
If not, some kind of unethical practice is gradually sweeping them off.
